See, Victoria and Albert Museum project.
The Victoria and Albert Museum in London has an exciting new project, the World Beach project.
It is an art project open to anybody, anywhere in the world of any age.
Many of us have made simple shapes with sand and stones on beaches.
This project is about making simple shapes with stones of different colours and sizes.
An artist at the museum started the project.
The rule is that there is no drawing in or digging of sand, just putting stones together and nothing else.
The project happens in two places.
At the beach, one, find a place to make your shape.
Two, look for and collect your stones.
Three, put your stones in different groups.
You can group them by colour, size or shape.
Four, make your shape.
Five, keep going until you have finished the shape, run out of stones
or have no more ideas.
Six, take three photos as described below.
You can take more and then choose the best three.
At your computer, one, select your three photos, one of a beach, one of you working on the shape, one of the finished work.
Two, go to the map page of the website and find your beach.
Three, go to I want to add my beach project to the map to add your three photos.